README.rst, before:

oauthlib integration for Google Auth
====================================

|pypi|

This library provides `oauthlib`_ integration with `google-auth`_.

.. |build| image:: https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib
.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/google-auth-oauthlib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-auth-oauthlib.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/google-auth-oauthlib

.. _oauthlib: https://github.com/idan/oauthlib
.. _google-auth: https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-python

Installing
----------

You can install using `pip`_::

    $ pip install google-auth-oauthlib

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/

Documentation
-------------

The latest documentation is available at `google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io`_.

.. _google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io: http://google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io/

License
-------

Apache 2.0 - See `the LICENSE`_ for more information.

.. _the LICENSE: https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

chore: add unsupported python versions to README

README.rst, after:

oauthlib integration for Google Auth
====================================

|pypi|

This library provides `oauthlib`_ integration with `google-auth`_.

.. |build| image:: https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib
.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/google-auth-oauthlib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-auth-oauthlib.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/google-auth-oauthlib

.. _oauthlib: https://github.com/idan/oauthlib
.. _google-auth: https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-python

Installing
----------

You can install using `pip`_::

    $ pip install google-auth-oauthlib

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/

Documentation
-------------

The latest documentation is available at `google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io`_.

.. _google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io: http://google-auth-oauthlib.readthedocs.io/

Supported Python Versions
-------------------------
Python >= 3.6


Unsupported Python Versions
---------------------------

Python == 2.7, Python == 3.5.

The last version of this library compatible with Python 2.7 and 3.5 is
`google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.1`.

License
-------

Apache 2.0 - See `the LICENSE`_ for more information.

.. _the LICENSE: https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-python-oauthlib/blob/master/LICENSE
